Use of qml.concurrency in labs.vibrational (#7401)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  for CNOT routing algorithms and other quantum compilation routines.
  [(#7229)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7229)
  [(#7333)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7333)
  

> * Refactoring of `pennylane.labs.vibrational` : In the files `pes_generator.py` and `christiansen_utils.py`, the use of `mpi4py` has been replaced by the new module `concurrency` from pennylane. The function's UI of these files now allow the users to choose the number of process and the backends they want to use for their computation. [(#7401)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7401)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `pennylane.labs.vibrational` module is upgraded to use features form the `concurrency` module
  to perform multiprocess and multithreaded execution of workloads. 
  [(#7401)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7401)

```
